ceph: add options for cephobjectstore user (#8211)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-store-user-crd.md

spec:
  store: my-store
  displayName: my-display-name
  maxBuckets: 100
  maxSize: "10G"

>   maxObjects: 10000

Reviewer: What if these were combined into a `quota` spec?

* `store`: The object store in which the user will be created. This matches the name of the objectstore CRD.
* `displayName`: The display name which will be passed to the `radosgw-admin user create` command.

> * `maxBuckets`: The maximum number of buckets user can create.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `maxBuckets`: The maximum number of buckets the user can create.
```

> * `maxSize`: The maximum size of buckets user can consume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `maxSize`: The maximum size of buckets the user can consume.
```

> * `maxObjects`: The maximum number of objects user can create.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `maxObjects`: The maximum number of objects the user can create.
```

> * `maxObjects`: The maximum number of objects the user can create.

Reviewer: Should we document that `-1` means no maximum? You use this later in objectstore_test.go, but it's not documented.

Author: will provide link for RGW documentation

> * `caps`: The additional permissions which can be assigned to the user, please refer [here](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/admin/#add-remove-admin-capabilities) for details.

Reviewer: Let's call this `capabilities` and not `caps` for a better user experience.

* `store`: The object store in which the user will be created. This matches the name of the objectstore CRD.
* `displayName`: The display name which will be passed to the `radosgw-admin user create` command.

> * `quotas`: This represents quota limitation can be set on the user(support added from onwards v1.7.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `quotas`: Quota limitations to be set on the user (supported in Rook v1.7.3 and up).
```

   Please refer [here](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/admin/#quota-management) for details.
    * `maxBuckets`: The maximum bucket limit for the user.
    * `maxSize`: Maximum size limit of all objects across all the user's buckets.
    * `maxObjects`: Maximum number of objects across all the user's buckets.

> * `capabilities`: Ceph allows users to be given additional permissions(support added from onwards v1.7.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `capabilities`: Ceph allows users to be given additional permissions (supported in Rook v1.7.3 and up).
```

>   P.S this setting can used only during the creation of the object store user, not afterwards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Due to a bug in Ceph, this setting can currently only be used during the creation of the object store user. If a user's capabilities need modified, the user must be deleted and re-created.
```

* `store`: The object store in which the user will be created. This matches the name of the objectstore CRD.
* `displayName`: The display name which will be passed to the `radosgw-admin user create` command.

> * `quotas`: This represents quota limitation can be set on the user. `maxBuckets` represents maximum allowed buckets, `maxSize` represent maximum allowed space and `maxObjects` maximum  number of objects which can hold, please for refer [here](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/admin/#quota-management) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `quotas`: This represents quota limitation can be set on the user. `maxBuckets` represents maximum allowed buckets, `maxSize` represent maximum allowed space and `maxObjects` maximum  number of objects which can hold, please refer [here](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/admin/#quota-management) for details.
```

> * `capabilities`: The additional permissions which can be assigned to the user. This permissions provide additional capabilities such as read, write, delete, modify on resources such as `users`, `buckets`, `usage`, `metadata` and zone on the Ceph object store for the user. Please refer [here](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/admin/#add-remove-admin-capabilities) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `capabilities`: The additional permissions which can be assigned to the user. This permissions provide additional capabilities such as read, write, delete, modify on resources such as `users`, `buckets`, `usage`, `metadata` and `zone` on the Ceph object store for the user. Please refer [here](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/admin/#add-remove-admin-capabilities) for details.
```

> * `capabilities`: The additional permissions which can be assigned to the user. This permissions provide additional capabilities such as read, write, delete, modify on resources such as `users`, `buckets`, `usuage`, `metadata` and zone on the Ceph object store for the user. Please refer [here](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/admin/#add-remove-admin-capabilities) for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `capabilities`: The additional permissions which can be assigned to the user. This permissions provide additional capabilities such as read, write, delete, modify on resources such as `users`, `buckets`, `usage`, `metadata` and `zone` on the Ceph object store for the user. Please refer [here](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/admin/#add-remove-admin-capabilities) for details.
```
